kaizen: prepare for v1.0.0 (#167)
timbray/quamina: README.md

the provided (presumably user-written) Flattener.

`WithPatternDeletion`: If true, arranges that Quamina
allows Patterns to be deleted from an instance. This is
not free; it can incur extra costs in memory and
occasional stop-the-world Quamina rebuilds. (We plan
to improve this.)

`WithPatternStorage`: If you provide an argument that
supports the `LivePatternStorage` API, Quamina will

> use it to

Reviewer: nit: weird linewrapping

Author: Fixed

Author: Haha, as an old XML guy having weird line-breaks in the source doesn't bother me, as long as the formatted .md 
looks OK.  But I can see your point so I fixed these.

`WithPatternStorage`: If you provide an argument that
supports the `LivePatternStorage` API, Quamina will

> use it tomaintain a list of which Patterns have currently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use it to maintain a list of which Patterns have currently
```

Author: Oops

> been added but not deleted.  This could be useful if you

Reviewer: nit: two whitespaces

Author: Found and removed many double-spaces.

{"word": ["one of the words"]}
```
The performance in matching events should be about the same
for one word or 50,000, with some marginal loss following on
growth in the size of the necessary data structures.

However, adding another pattern that looks like the
following, in the case that the Events have a top-level
`number` field, would decrease the performance by a factor of
roughly 2:
```json
{"number": [11, 22, 33]}
```
After that, adding a few thousand more `"number"` patterns shouldn’t
decrease the performance observably.

A word of explanation: Quamina compiles the Patterns into a
somewhat-decorated automaton and uses that to find matches in
Events. For Quamina to work, the incoming Events must be flattened
into a list of pathname/value pairs and sorted.  This process
exceeds 50% of execution time, and is optimized by discarding
any fields that do not appear in one or more of the Patterns
added to Quamina. This code is optimized and in many cases
can avoid processing every byte of the event. It’s complicated.

Once the list of fields which might match a Pattern is
extracted, the cost of traversing the automaton
is at most N, the number of fields left after discarding.

> So, adding a new Pattern that only

Reviewer: nit: wrapping seems off

Author: Fixed.

extracted, the cost of traversing the automaton
is at most N, the number of fields left after discarding.

So, adding a new Pattern that only mentions fields which are

> already mentioned in previous Patterns is effectively free

Reviewer: `,` after free?

Author: Agreed.
